	The description of a genetic algorithm that looks for
	  a counter-example to the Hanna Neumann conjecture.


Hanna Neumann conjecture: 

	if A and B are finitely generated non-trivial subgroups of a
free group of finite rank, and I is the intersection of A and B, then
rk(I)-1 <= (rk(A)-1)(rk(B)-1).



Genetic algorithm:

	In the broadest sense, a GA creates a set of solutions that
reproduce based on their fitness in a given environment. The process
follows this pattern:

1. An initial population of random solutions is created.

2. Each member of the population is assigned a fitness value based on
its evaluation against the current problem.

3. Solutions with a higher fitness value are most likely to parent new
solutions during reproduction.

4. The new solution set replaces the old, a generation is complete,
and the process continues at step 2.


			Some definitions.


Chromosome: 

	A member of the population named after its biological
counterpart.

Roulette Wheel Selection:

	A roulette wheel selects the chromosomes used in
reproduction. The wheel is the fitness array, and a marble is a random
number less than the sum of all fitnesses in the population. To find
the chromosome associated with the marble's landing place, the
algorithm iterates through the fitness array; if the marble value is
less than the current fitness element, the corresponding chromosome
becomes a parent. Otherwise, the algorithm subtracts the current
fitness value from the marble and then repeats the process with the
next element in the fitness array. Thus the largest fitness values tend
to be most likely resting places for the marble, since they use a
larger area of the abstract wheel.

Crossover:

	Crossover is a central feature of genetic algorithms that
creates a new chromosome from two parents. Corresponding to biological
crossover, the software version combines a pair of parents by randomly
selecting a point at which pieces of the parents' bit strings are
swapped.

Mutation: 

	A random change in each chromosome of the new population.

Elitist selection: 

	The technique that always copies the most-fit chromosome into
the next generation.

Fitness scaling:

	The technique that adjust the fitness values to the advantage
of the most fit chromosomes.

Windowing:

	This is the simplest form of fitness scaling. To implement
windowing, subtract the minimum value from all fitness values, thus
adjusting the fitness array to a zero-base.


			The algorithm.


1. An initial population of random solutions is created.

2. Each member of the population is assigned a fitness value based on
its evaluation against the current problem.

   The fitness function:  rk(I)-1 - (rk(A) - 1) (rk(B) - 1).

3. Solutions with a higher fitness value are most likely to parent new
solutions during reproduction. 

3.1. To adjust the fitness values, the algorithm subtracts the
minimum fitness value (windowing), add one, and then squares the
result. Adding one gives every chromosome a chance of reproduction,
and squaring the windowed fitness value strengthens the reproductive
chances of the most-fit chromosomes.

3.2. Roulette wheel selection is used to select parents. 

3.3. For each pair of parents crossover can be used to produce an
offspring. The algorithm uses the simple version of crossover, which
gives the child some generators of both parents(subgroups). This item
can be omitted, so that the algorithm will depend on mutations only,
in which case it is called an evolutionary algorithm.

3.4. Mutation is performed. Mutation can add a randomly chosen
generator to a subgroup, delete one of the generators, or change several
letters in any generator of the subgroup.

4. The new solution set replaces the old, a generation is complete,
and the process continues at step 2.




 