
The last week was mostly spent for discussions, conversations and mail
reading/writing, but also I succeeded to do something very useful,
what brought me a lot of fun.

The current situation is following:

1. The Omsk Group.

  a) They are still working with my notes about Amalgamated Products.

  b) They answered to the questions which Roger requested, I've sent
     them the new version of Magnus, which they've recently compiled
     on LINUX and we'll have it soon. Magnus doesn't compile on LINUX
     cleanly, it wants to be slightly modified. I'm going to discuss
     this with Dima & Zhenia to change source code so that it could be
     compiled without modification.

  c) I've sent them our wish list for nilpotent and free nilpotent
     groups. Moreover Vladimir and I discussed and sent theirs tasks
     for June. Firstly they have to look at all existed code (that
     includes Werner Nickel's code), understand everything and
     programm some algorithms for nilpotency class 2 and 3. I really
     like this idea, because in this case algorithms will work very
     quickly and we can use them in almost all finitely presented
     groups problems as fast checks (I meen mapping into nilpotent
     quotients of class 2 and 3, as well as into abelianization). To
     implement the algorithms in general case, it seems to me, they
     should use Werner's programs rather than Sergei's programs,
     because on the one hand Sergei didn't do too much work, on the
     second hand I'm afraid his programms look too badly to be used:
     we've got version with ARCs which is completely inconceivable and
     contains lots of bugs; version without ARCs, which Sergei was
     trying to make during last year, probably doesn't exist (at least
     he told so to Aleksei couple of days ago). Sergei's free
     nilpotent classes are almost empty. Moreover Werner's programs
     are much faster and he promised to provide any help, what we
     cannot wait from Sergei.

  d) Aleksej, Vladimir and I discussed the tasks for one relator
     groups, which also would be sent to Omsk.


2. Sarah Rees.

  Sarah really want's to have her and new Derek Holt's stuff inside
  Magnus, because it hasn't been done for ages and makes some
  difficulties for theirs work. I've had all the files in NY already,
  and we'll discuss how to incorporate them into Magnus as soon as she
  will be back in Warwick, probably it'll take place on Friday.


3. Roger.

  Roger's making porting to Windows 95 as well as porting to gcc 2.7.2
  right now. We continue to discuss all problems which appears over
  there.


Gilbert, if you remember, last winter we thought about incorporating
new version of automatic group package into Magnus. That time I've
told you about the difficulties like that Sarah uses Roger Needham's
blackbox to call Derek Holt's package, and this blackbox calls the
UNIX function "system", which looses process ID, and so we can
completely control Sarah's function, but we cannot manage such Derek's
program. Also there are some resemble bugs in interaction between
Session Manager objects. I thought about this for a while, because as
I understood, we was going to incorporate plenty amount of stuff very
soon, and it looks like I found how to avoid all this problems, I
checked my idea, and moreover it has been implemented in Magnus
already ! Now it doesn't matter what will Sarah (for example) call,
Roger's blackbox or usual exec, how will she call, we can control
everything, we can suspend all the processes which are involved, or
resume them as well, an so on. It'll not only fix our problems, it
will simplify my work, Sarah's work as well, and increase our ability
to incorporate something - now we can incorporate almost any package,
at least 99% of all exeisted packages (not 100%, because there's
always an exeption).  So it's incorporated, and didn't take too much
time to do it.


Now, using this new technology, I can fix the termination process of
Session Manager objects hierarchy. It is different from
suspension/resumption process, and I have to change the main classes
of Session Manager like ComputationManager, Supervisor, Subordinate,
MirrorSubordinate, GCM and so on. I cannot adjourn this, because each
new object will be menaged inproperly, and in some time it can prevent
me to fix this problem at all, so I cannot add new stuff, before I
finish this. It takes me a couple of days only, after this I'll make
new version and try to finish abelian groups before incorporating new
Sarah's stuff.

